Add some more examples to readme (#204)
theolind/pymysensors: README.md

- All gateway instances, serial, tcp (ethernet) or mqtt will run in separate threads.
- As an alternative to running the gateway in its own thread, there are experimental implementations of all gateways using asyncio.

# Installation

> You can easily install it via PIP:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can easily install it from PyPI:
```

    values - a dictionary of values (V_HUM, V_TEMP, etc.)
```

Getting the type and values of node 23, child sensor 4 would be performed as follows:

```python
s_type = GATEWAY.sensors[23].children[4].type
values = GATEWAY.sensors[23].children[4].values
```

Similarly, printing all the sketch names of the found nodes could look like this:

```

> for nodeIndex in GATEWAY.sensors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for node in GATEWAY.sensors.values():
    print(node.sketch_name)
```

>     print(str(GATEWAY.sensors[nodeIndex].sketch_name))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

Getting a child object inside the event function could be:

```

> try:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     childObject = GATEWAY.sensors[message.node_id].children[message.child_id]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if GATEWAY.is_sensor(message.node_id, message.child_id):
        child = GATEWAY.sensors[message.node_id].children[message.child_id]
    else:
        print("Child not available yet.")
```

>     print(str(childObject))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> except Exception as ex:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     print("Child not available yet. Error: " + str(ex))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

## Protocol version

> Set the keyword argument `protocol_version` to set which version of the MySensors serial API to use. The default value is `'1.4'` so you probably want to change this to the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the keyword argument `protocol_version` to set which version of the MySensors serial API to use. The default value is `'1.4'`. Set the `protocol_version` to the version you're using.
```
